Well here we are again
Seeing how I have taken clothes
caught these shoulder socks go three
pairs to 350
of man
I have taken towels and
because my bathroom is totally white in
white and steel then I put color
with the towels
only that then I have caught
these that go three to one euro with ninety
and there 's the sink
at three euros
this handkerchief of these super shirts
great because to me in winter I
they like me a lot already last year I bought myself
in brown then I have brought this to
four euros
but let this then the same to me
I put that my husband and me take it from me
total son
this goes double the other that I have is
a whole
and this is to go spinning four
euros
I have caught this I do not know how it will work
the truth
and this has cost me a euro 50
are our perfumer is that the
we open or we puncture there the
sticks are supposed to be sticks
This orange pink
I took these skinny
to eight euros
they were in gray they were in several
colors
this good I have already said eight euros
I lost travel loss
and good are cigarettes
in navy blue I see them very very fine so
that according to how I stay if they do not give
a lot because you know with the beeps
when they carry a lot of liquidation in a
nonsense at the end
then depending on how it is, then I will bring
when I fly through and return to murcia
Then for the winter, I bring myself
also in color
in gray
I have taken this to my daughter these
socks that are great I
they love
they go five pairs and they are worth three with 50 or
they are very good too
they are all like leopard stripe and
mole a brown tone
and I've taken this shirt
basic but satin-like fabric
similar to satin
what has cost me
two euros
and
of thin strap
me a very thin brace
a pair of tweezers on the chest carries a
pocket
and it is not long cortita good is more or
less is covering the culete for the
jeans for another skirt that I'm going to
teach them in another video after
and I 've taken this shirt that always
I really want a shirt like that
of stripe
for cowboys for both now and
for then for spring in a
navy blue stripe tee always
it has never caught my attention
picked up none
and I liked it
five euros by5
Well I'm happy because the truth
is that I bought a lot of things and I did not
has spent I do not believe song 65 euros
because I also bought some powder
to give to my father- in- law as well
that in total I spent that
and I have brought this
that is not a dress is a monkey once
wear the pants
will cut to the waist
but since it gives exactly the same
just like a dress because when praying
but then back here with the loop
it remains tight from above and below
it stays like my laugh I say then
is the truth is that it is very nice
Market Stall
that I was not very convinced about this
of the tiger this but good good
This has cost me six euros
everything is to lower the there is nothing of
season
and nothing good because I teach it in case
someone is interested and wants
buy something something like something because
know that there are still perfect things
although I think the pants this
are
I guess I do not know because they are very
I do not know if they will be seasonal or not
because as they are already putting things
in season I have no idea
Well, these are the purchases of
Primark walk well
this but that this interests us not
about 50 points a small and a large
that my people want in the big
boy from my house or if I've seen you and
for about 50 I have brought it because then
they are in stores at two euros and only
the big and good as well as there
we have the beach and I'm under the bierzo and
of technical eyes
Well nothing if I liked something because
You know it's still good and my baby
which also it hosted this
because two pairs are good
two
because these take pad here and
pad says here in the part of
back the heel part
and on the sole of the foot
and this has cost him two euros
he says he's very comfortable with me
truth is that I have never used this
Well, these are the purchases and nothing
if you are interested in something, you know where
you have to come see you cope is
goodbye